Can you tell me about your
typical sleep schedule on
weekdays?
I usually sleep around 3:00 or
4:00 AM and I wake up around
10:10 or 9.
Someday I was able to sleep only
only three or four hours.
And.
Yeah.
Alright.
And what about the weekends?
Uh, I'm having a same sleep
pattern during weekdays and
weekends. It doesn't change
according to the days.
And like can do, you have an
average time like how much hours
are you getting the sleep for?
You can see that I am having
four to five hours sleep
average.
Alright.
How do you usually feel when you
wake up? Do you feel refreshed
or tired?
Tired.
Uh, can you just describe like,
what? What is it like that's
making you tired or how do you
feel like just say what's
everything that's on your mind?
Uh, like whenever I whenever I
wake up in the morning, I feel
like I'm not having energy. I
felt I felt that lack of energy
after drinking one or two cups
of coffee, I feel I felt like
that. Now I'm able to do
something.
Hmm.
This thing is happening from me
last two or three, two, two
years that when after waking up
I felt that I'm not having any
energy.
Right. What are some of the
factors that impact your ability
to fall asleep?
I'm not able to focus upon
present, I I always overthink
about future or past.
So that's why I am getting
difficulties in sleeping I.
I overthink a lot.
So it's a stress anxiety and
like you can add on like
everything that you have even.
Yeah.
Mostly and.
And.
Are you all right and umm?
I think.
It mostly over thinking about
the things which is not going to
happen to me.
Alright. And what are some of
the factors that impact your
ability to stay asleep? It can
be like noise, light and like
you the there's some
distraction, it can be your
phone.
Just there is a huge distraction
in my life, like my mobile
phone, and I stay in ground
floor in my apartment, so
there's lots of noise and every
whenever my friend friends came,
it came in outside of my
building. They knocked my window
and they want to talk to me.
They didn't care about whether
I'm sleeping or not. So this is
like, this is the most thorough
destruction in my life. Mobile
phone and.
Someone knocking about my
window.
Alright.
Have you ever experienced any
negative fact effects of lack of
sleep such as difficulty
concentrating or fearing feeling
irritable?
Yeah, I feel very irritated when
I'm not having enough sleep.
Like getting getting tense about
things and getting irritated in
small things.
I I got triggered about
something because I'm not having
Yeah.
enough sleep.
All right, you're right. So it's
like you when you feel like you
are, you didn't have enough
sleep. So it's like is it
difficult for you for like
focusing on like for your
lectures or the work that you
are doing, it can be like
anything.
Just big. It's a chain of
sequence where whenever I'm not
having sleep, I'm not. I'm not
having energy, so I'm not able
to focus upon things I usually
restricted while while in the
lecture or or I zoned out in
between the conversation.
So you prefer like you say you
are trying to say like it
reduces your efficiency
directly, right? If there is
Yep.
lack of sleep.
Yeah.
Have you ever used an app or
technology to help improve your
sleep habits? If so, what was
your experience like?
I didn't use any kind of
technology, but I used to wear
Apple Watch so.
Ohh, I used to measure how much
I sleep and how much I deep
sleep.
I check only this thing and and
I didn't use any kind of any
And.
particular application for
sleeping.
So how was your experience like
with the Apple Watch that you
said?
I checked that I I'm getting
deep sleep for one or 1 1/2
hours and normal sleep for 4-5
hours.
Despite on continuous last 1-2
years.
So.
So do you have any specific like
methods like how you make your
cell fall asleep when you can't?
Currently I'm not following that
that thing few, few months back
I used to do meditation.
After doing meditation, I feel
like it is easy to sleep after
doing meditation, but nowadays
I'm not able to do meditation.
So yeah, is there any method
like what I mean it can be your
own method like how do you help
yourself fall asleep? It can we
imagine in some random stories.
Imagine in some cartoons or
something like that. Do you have
any specific method?
No, actually no.
All right.
Do you have any specific goals
related to improving your sleep
habits?
Yes, I'm thinking about the join
gym and gym or running, so I
will. I will get tired and
eventually I will get sleep.
This is my I'm thinking about to
do this technique.
And is there anything that you?
To get tired, then get sleep.
And anything that you will like
to add on this thing.
Eat proper thing and drink.
Drink lots of water. This is the
thing I read in Internet.
Umm.
To get a good sleep and
currently I'm using chamomile
tea to get a sleep, but I think
it is not working for more
working for me and I'm using
lavender oil also.
What features would you like to
see in an app designed to
promote healthy sleep habits?
What features I can say that?
It will use notification about
how to improve your sleep cycle
and what what to avoid, what to
do not to do and.
The and the diets plans and what
should you eat and workout and
everything about the sleep
things. How can you improve and
what what you need to avoid
because sometime I felt that
after drinking alcohol I'm not
able to sleep.
So this is my personal
experience that.
Umm.
Yeah.
Uh without alcohol intake, I got
good sleep.
Alright.
So it you, uh? So it should be
like personalized for just for
you, the app should send
notification like in a
personalized managers for you
specifically, right?
Yeah, yeah.
How do you currently wake up? Is
yeah, continue.
It will take.
The app will take data from
users. What is their sleeping
habits and what they eat, what
they drink, how much they smoke,
how much they drink alcohol
according to their.
Uh, they personalized. Recommend
what to do, not to do what? To
drink, not to drink, and how
much to how much you should eat
and what what, what work out you
have to do.
Like that things.
Yeah. So it should allow you to
give a specific time when you
should take your nicotine
intake. Like what's the best
time to take have the nicotine?
Or caffeine before you were
going to bed.
Yes.
Every yeah.
Because of.
Alright.
Few, few months back I used to
used to drink.
The coffee a lot. I didn't care
about the time or I times. So
nowadays I I got information. I
I read one article about when to
when to drink coffee and not to
drink nowadays I didn't drink
coffee after 4:00 PM.
Umm.
Because it will affect your
sleep cycle.
Alright.
How do you currently wake up? Is
it the alarms?
No, I I randomly woke up at
around 10:11.
I mean, what pattern do you
usually follow to wake up? Like
if you need to wake up on this
specific time, do you have
alarms for that?
Yeah.
And do you have like multiple
alarms?
If you want if.
I'm sorry.
Do you have multiple alarms?
No, no, no, only one alarm.
Alright, and how effective they
are?
How effective I will work, I
will wake up in only one one
ring.
All right.
I understand you were saying
like previously previously what
you wanted to add something so
you can go on.
What I was telling you.
About the alarm something.
Yeah, I usually wake up in only
one ring of the alarm, and I got
sleep. Like if I'm sleeping 5-6
hours, my sleep break into 111
hours 2 hours.
I didn't get a deep sleep. I
woke up in between one hour 2
Umm.
hours.
Right. How important is it to is
it to you to wake up feeling
refreshed and energized in the
morning?
Is very important. Important for
me, because if you if you are
feeling fresh and energetic,
then you can do your whatever
you want to do in your whole. If
you're not feeling fresh then it
will be difficult for you to
concentrate on things and do
your work.
So it's like being more
productive throughout the day.
Yep.
And two, when I have something
like, you can be better at work
or your lecture. Like how will
you feel like if you wake up
refreshed or energized in the
morning?
If I've, if I wake up energized,
then I'm able to focus more on
lecture and I will. I will be
more energized and I can do more
physical works.
Alright. Do you have any
concerns about using technology
such as machine learning,
artificial intelligence or
biometric sensors to improve
your sleep? If so, what are
they?
Not having any concern, but I
think it will be very helpful if
we use machine learning and deep
learning technologies to improve
sleep cycle.
Umm.
So your concerns can include
like maybe on the let's imagine
a scenario where you were
wearing Apple Watch or something
which which was collecting your
sleep data and eventually the
data was wrong. So it might show
you like the wrong information.
How about your sleep patterns
and it can suggest you something
to that can be your concern.
That's what I'm trying to say.
Hey, do you have any concerns
about regarding the technology?
No, but sometimes only sometimes
it will predict the wrong data.
So you can rely on technology,
right?
Yeah, yeah.
What are some of the challenges
you face when it comes to
maintaining healthy sleep
habits?
Uh, sometime I was able to
sleep.
Well, one or two weeks, great
sleep. But after after some time
that someone, someone will come
to my room and they they start
talking and someone play music.
This will this will make problem
for me for me to sleep that
time.
So it can. It's like social
pressure and like the social
pressure that's contributing in
that thing.
Yep.
Yeah, yeah, social pressure.
And so it's like anything else,
like you like to add on that
thing?
And sometimes social pressure
and uh.
Sometimes works. It depends upon
the upon the time to time.
Yeah, it can be assignments like
at times, right?
Yep.
So it can be accurate you say,
like, let's conclude that thing.
So it's academic pressure for
you and social pressure.
Yep.
Alright.
Can we? Can you tell me about a
time you had a particularly good
night's sleep? What factors
contributed to the experience?
Good time sleep.
Umm.
When I when I used to go to gym,
I I work out for one or two
hours. After that I will get a
good sleep that time.
And like what factors
contributed to that experience?
Can you define them?
What factors? That time I was
doing a proper diet and I I am
drinking water and that time I
was not having that much anxiety
and after doing work out
eventually you get tired then
you can get a good sleep. This
is what I observed.
And do you have the specific
reason why when people are you
want that anxious at that
moment?
Joe, I knows few of the reasons
that I'm why I'm anxious.
Are you just? Can you explain it
a bit more?
Yeah.
Previously I was having one
girlfriend, so we break up and
now the things is not getting on
what I what I was imagining. So
I was I was thinking about that
thing and the second thing is
Umm.
I'm thinking I'm thinking about
to learn a few things and I was
not able to give that time to
learn that thing.
And and and thinking about the
future.
Alright.
So.
And and like you said, like, do
you know the factors? Is there
anything else that you wanna
talk about?
Ah, no, I think this is this is
the most affecting factor for
me.
So it's it's stressing you about
like your life and everything,
right?
Yeah.
Do you share your bed with a
partner or a roommate?
Nowadays I'm not sharing my bed
with anyone.
Yeah. So let's assume when you
were.
So when you were sharing your
partner bed with a roommate or a
partner, how did their sleep
schedule or habits impacted your
sleep?
If someone is snoring me then
I'm not able to sleep and I am a
guy who's sleep in the at the
king size bed in the single I
used to sleep at the king size
king size alone.
Yeah.
So if someone is sleeping beside
me and they are taking space,
then it will be little bit
difficulty for getting little
bit difficulty from this.
Umm.
And.
And do you think they're habits
like specific habits can affect
your sleep as well?
Yeah, if I am sleeping in,
someone is playing some music
and or they are talking in the
phone then definitely it will
Umm.
affect my sleep.
All right. And is there anything
that you liked about her or on
this thing?
No, nothing.
Alright.
Are there any other factors or
information you think would be
important for us to consider
when designing an app to promote
healthy sleep habits?
The thing is, I I didn't use any
any kind of sleeping sleeping
applications so I'm not able to
give you the proper proper
proper recommendation about what
to and not to add I.
I only got suggestion about give
a notification about.
Things things not to do if you
want to, if you want. If you
Mm-hmm.
want to get a good sleep.
All right, so it can be like
your factors like how you are
dealing with this situation in
your life. How are yours? How
was your experience and what
they whatever you know, you feel
like what can be important for
us to keep in mind when you are
design when we are designing an
app, so it shouldn't be like a
feature or something so it can
be like anything like your
experience how you dealt with
the problem?
Features.
Uh and?
I on.
I'm not able to understand your
question.
So it's like, you know, your
experience with the sleeping
difficulty, it's still going on,
right?
Yeah.
So you might have previous
experiences which made it a bit.
And come and comforting for you
to sleep or be it a little bit
easier for you to sleep. So you
know it can be all factors, your
experiences that you have in
this particular topic. So that
is there anything like you'd
like to share?
Yeah, same it is like a forum 4.
Forum for us sending this thing
help me to sleep better so it
will. It will be like a
community. They will share their
their things that how they
improve their sleep cycle.
Umm.
So it will be helpful for each
other to know which things
helps.
To get a good sleep.
All right, all right.
Sorry.
So I think that's the end of it.
Do you have any questions or
would you like to add anything
else to your responses?
Uh, no. If you want to ask me
anything, you can ask.
I mean, it's alright. So in case
you do have any questions or you
have any suggestions you can you
have my contact information
already. You can contact us and
provide us your important like
the things that you wanna talk
about. And thank you for your
time.
Most welcome bye. Have a nice
day.
You do have a nice day. Bye bye.
Time.